Bump version to 3.6.13 (#405)
AmpleOrganics/Blaze.vue: CHANGELOG.md

# 3.6.13 (2020-09-08)

## Changes

> Fixing error makes ao-radio-button-group component does not work [#401](https://github.com/AmpleOrganics/Blaze.vue/pull/401)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue in radio button group caused by duplicated element IDs [#401](https://github.com/AmpleOrganics/Blaze.vue/pull/401)
```
